embedded cache: update metric namespace and remove duplicate metrics (#10693)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/setup/upgrade/_index.md

1. `frontend.embedded-cache.max-size-mb` Embedded results cache size now defaults to 100MB.

#### Embedded cache metric changes

> - The following embedded cache metrics are removed. Instead use `loki_cache_fetched_keys`, `loki_cache_hits`, `loki_cache_request_duration_seconds` which instruments requests made to the configured cache (`embeddedcache`, `memcached` or `redis`).
>   - `querier_cache_added_total`
>   - `querier_cache_gets_total`
>   - `querier_cache_misses_total`

Reviewer: If these are a one-to-one replacement, to avoid confusion I'd list them next to the parameter they're replacing.  (If they aren't a one-to-one replacement, then ignore this suggestion!)
```suggestion
- The following embedded cache metrics are removed. Instead use the new metrics, which instrument requests made to the configured cache (`embeddedcache`, `memcached` or `redis`).
  - `querier_cache_added_total` instead use `loki_cache_fetched_keys`
  - `querier_cache_gets_total` instead use `loki_cache_hits`
  - `querier_cache_misses_total` instead use `loki_cache_request_duration_seconds` 
```
